TradeWithMentors is a trading name of TWM Ltd
.
CLIENT AGREEMENT






Version: December 2023
RISK WARNING: Trading leveraged derivative products such as Foreign Exchange (Forex), Contracts for
Difference (CFDs), or other financial derivative products carry a high level of risk to your capital. All
these products, which are leveraged derivative products, may not be appropriate for all investors
without an expert. The effect of leverage is that both gains and losses are magnified. The prices
of leveraged derivative products may change to your disadvantage very quickly, you can lose more
than your invested capital, and you may be required to make further payments. Before deciding to
invest in any financial product, you should carefully consider your investment objectives, trading
knowledge and experience, and affordability. You should only trade in Forex and CFDs if you have
sufficient knowledge and experience of the risky nature of the products, the risks involved in trading
such products, and if you are dealing with money that you can afford to lose. You should seek
independent professional financial advice if you are in any doubt.
TWM Ltd Client Agreement
Page 2 of 36
1. THIS AGREEMENT
1.1. INTRODUCTION

a) These Terms together with your completed and submitted Application Form
comprise the Client Agreement between TWM Ltd. ("we", "us"
or
"TWM "),
international business company regulated by U.S Securities And Exca
hnange under
registration number: 4342-345462.
b) the Client is comprised of two or more legal persons, then a reference to a right or
obligation of the Client under this Agreement or a transaction contemplated by this
Agreement confers that right or imposes that obligation jointly and severally on
those persons.
c) This is a master agreement and sets out the terms and conditions upon which
dealings between you and us relating to the provision of advice to the Client or the
execution of Orders.
d) This Agreement is in addition to other documents that may have been exchanged
and/or executed between the parties. You should read this Agreement carefully and any
other documents given to you that apply to you.
Margin FX and Contracts- for-difference (CFDs) Transactions you enter into pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement carry a high level of risk without an expert trader. You should ensure
that you fully understand such risks before entering into this Agreement or any transaction
with us.
 By signing and submitting the Application Form by email or electronically via our website, or by
taking any action consistent with your agreement to these terms and conditions, you confirm
that you:
a) have received, read and understood this Agreement, including our current Legal
Documents on our website; and
b) agree that we will provide our Products and Services to you on the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.
1.2. TRADE AT YOUR OWN RISK OR TRADE SAFE WITH AN EXPERT
 TWM is under no obligation, Only your current Expert Trader can:
a) to satisfy we as to the suitability of any Position for you;
b) to monitor or advise you on the status of any of your Positions;
c) prevent you from trading beyond your means or ability or to protect you; or
d) to close any open Position.
1.3. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION a) Whenever used in this Agreement, unless inconsistent with the subject matter or
context, the following words shall have the following meanings:
Accept or Acceptance means, except in the case of a Third-Party Online Platform, if the Client, or
an Authorised User, indicate by either telephone, email, face-to-face, or through an Online
Service that they accept the Trade Contract Terms provided by TWM.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 3 of 36
Account Value means the currency value of the Client’s Account, which is calculated by
TWM combining:
a) the equivalent balance of your Account in the TWM client money trust account;
b) the Realised/Unrealised Losses and Realised/Unrealised Gains.
c) indicative costs to Close (fees, Overnight interest); and
d) the values of Positions not yet booked
Application Form means the form a client must complete and submit to apply to open an
account with TWM .
Authorized User means a person authorized by the Client to access TWM ’ s services and/or
enter into Orders on the Client’s behalf.
Base Currency means the first currency in a Currency Pair. The Base Currency is assigned a value
of 1 when calculating exchange rates.
Bought Swap Rate means the interest rate that applies to the Base Currency at the Close of
Business on the relevant Trading Day.
CFD means a Contract for Difference.
Client, you or your means the Client named in this Agreement, together with its subsidiaries,
affiliates, successors and/or assigns, as well as its officers, directors, employees and agents.
Client Agreement means the completed Application Form and these Terms.
Close of Business means 22:00 GMT.
Closed Out means the termination of all or part of an Order.
Close-Out Date means the date on which all or part of an Order is Closed-Out.
Close-Out Value means the Order Value at the Close-Out Date.
Corporate Action means payment of a dividend, scrip dividend or special dividend, a rights issue,
open offer or free distribution of shares by way of a bonus, capitalization or any other offer or
issue to the holders of the underlying asset, a takeover, reverse takeover, merger, demerger,
listing, delisting or suspension from listing or any analogous event directly affecting holders of
the underlying asset.
Currency Pair means the Base Currency and the Term Currency for a Margin FX contract.
Cut-Off Time means the time (AEST) for the destination country of the international payment
by which cleared funds to need to be received by us for an international payment to be made
on any Day. These times are set out on the Website.
Day means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in
foreign exchange) in the place specified by TWM for that purpose.
Daily Statement means an Account statement issued by TWM daily.
Daily Statements include details of:
a) your open Positions.
TWM Ltd Client Agreement
Page 4 of 36
b) your new Positions.
c) the opening cash balance on your Account, together with details of Account
movements such as deposits, withdrawals or settlements.
d) your closing Account balance for the day.
e) profits or losses made on Open Positions (your open trade equity);
f) the value of your Positions and movements on your Account in the currency in which
your Account is denominated, indicating, where appropriate the consolidation rates
used;
g) other items affecting your Accounts, such as Rollover Benefits or Rollover Charges
applied to your Account.
h) profit or loss made on open Positions (your open trade equity);
i) the liquidation value;
j) your Total Margin Requirement; and
k) your Margin excess or deficit.
Default Event
a) Each of the following constitutes a Default Event:
i. (Any acts or omissions on the part of the Client;
• Authorized User; or
• the Client or Authorised User’s employee, agent or assignee (whether or not
known to us, and whether or not acting in concert with other natural
persons or algorithmic tools) which in TWM’ssole discretion,
are deemed as being:
• negligence;
• mistake;
• wilful misconduct, (including commission churning, sniping,
causing or contributing to or benefiting from a Quoting
Error, moving the price of an underlying asset, scalping,
arbitraging off-market pricing);
• the breach of any law; or
• the breach of any provision of this Agreement.
ii. the Client or their Guarantor becomes insolvent or bankrupt;
iii. the Client is deceased or becomes of unsound mind;
iv. the Client fails to provide any Margin or amounts due under this Agreement
on time in respect of any Positions, or the Margin held by
TWM in respect of any Positions falls below the Margin Requirement.
v. the Client is in breach of any representation, warranty or undertaking made
under this Agreement or any other material term of this Agreement and/or
any information provided to TWM in connection
this Agreement is or has become with untrue or misleading.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 5 of 36
vi. any fee or charges or other payments due to TWM are
not
paid in
accordance with this Agreement.
vii. at any time or for a period the client is not contactable or does not respond
to any notice of correspondence from TWM .
viii. TWM reasonably considers it necessary for the
protection
of its rights
under this Agreement;
ix. TWM is requested by any regulatory body or authority;
x. Your Account balance falls below the Minimum Margin Requirement;
xi. any Dispute occurs, or litigation is commenced and, in view of the subject
matter of or any issues in dispute in relation to that litigation,
TWM reasonably decides that it cannot continue to
deal
with the Client
while the litigation is pending;
xii. the Client fails to provide, within 10 days of a written request, all information
which TWM requested in connection with this Agreement;
xiii. TWM has reason to believe the client is unable to
manage
the risk that
arises from their Positions;
xiv. the Client fails to comply with any limit or restriction imposed on them by
TWM in connection to the Account (for example,
a
restriction on the kind,
volume or value of Orders);
xv. any change in law or interpretation which makes it unlawful for us to
perform any provision of the Agreements; and
xvi. If a chargeback occurs.
b) in the case of a body corporate:
i. the Client goes into liquidation, voluntarily or otherwise, or a liquidator,
receiver, an administrator is appointed
ii. a valid deed of guarantee and indemnity with respect to the obligations
under this Agreement has not been provided to TWM .
c) In the case of a trust, the Client ceases to be the trustee of the trust or the relevant
trust is terminated.
Deposit means the amount deposited by the Client withTWMasrequested
by TWMin relation to all Financial Products, atthe time of booking and at any time prior to the
Value Date which is a part- payment toward the agreed Order value and not client monies.
Depositincludes amounts deposited by the Clientwith TWMas requested byTWMin respect of
any anticipated or existingOpen Positionswhich the Client has orwill havewithTWM
.
Financial Product means a foreign exchange contract or a transaction in which a Client and
TWM enterinto anOTC derivatives contract based on the value of
an
underlying asset or assets(
including but not limited to a currency or currency pair, a commodity, a precious metal or an
index).
Force Majeure means events or causes including, but not limited to, the following: an act of
God, peril of the sea, unavoidable accident of navigation, war (whether declared or not),
sabotage, riot, insurrection, civil commotion, national emergency (whether in fact or law),
martial law, fire, flood, cyclone, earthquake, landslide, explosion, power or water shortage,
failure of a transmission or communication network, epidemic, quarantine, strike or other labor
difficulty or expropriation, restriction, prohibition, law, regulation, decree or other legally
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 6 of 36
enforceable order of a government agency, breakage or accident, change of International,
State or Commonwealth law or regulation or any damage of
TWM ’ hardware or systems, unless occurring as a result of an act, omission, default or
negligence ofthe Client orTWM.
Free Balance means, at any time, the excess (if any) of the balance of the Client’s account at
that time over the required Deposit.
Futures CFD means a CFD where the value of the contract derives its value from an underlying
asset or instrument whose price is quoted on a futures market.
Fully Hedged Position means an Open Position that is equal and opposite of another Open
Position.
Guarantor means any person(s) identified as such in the Application Form.
Hedged Position is as defined in clause 3.7.
Instruction means any instruction or request given by the Client to
TWM relating to the execution of a Financial Product as provided for under clause 8.2.
Insolvency Event means any steps taken for:
a) the winding-up, dissolution or administration of the Client;
b) the Client to enter any arrangement, compromise or composition with or
assignment for the benefit of its creditors or any class of them except for the
purposes of a solvent reconstruction or amalgamation; or
c) a receiver, receiver and manager, or other controllers, administrator or similar
officer to be appointed with respect to, or takes control of, the Client or any of the
Client’s assets and undertakings.
Law means any local or foreign law, regulation or judgment, court order or sanctions regimes
which TWM is subject to.
Long Party means in respect of any Order the party identified in the Trade Confirmation Notice
as having notionally bought the underlying asset or assets to the OTC derivative contract.
Margin Call means an amount, in addition to the Deposit, as solely determined by
TWM .
Margin FX contract means a Margin Foreign Exchange contract.
Mark to Market means the daily revaluation of an OTC derivatives contract entered between
TWM and the Client to reflect its current market value rather than its original contract
value. TWM shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to determine the Mark to Market
value daily.
Merger Event means in respect of any underlying asset:
a) any reclassification or change of the underlying asset that results in a transfer of or
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all outstanding securities of the same class
as the underlying asset to another entity or person.
b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the issuer of the
relevant underlying asset with or into another person (other than a consolidation,
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 7 of 36
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such issuer is the
continuing person, and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all
outstanding securities of the same class as the underlying asset); or
c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 50% or more of the outstanding
securities of the same class as the underlying asset that results in a transfer of or
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such securities (other than such securities
owned or controlled by such other entity or person).
Notice means a notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement or for the
purposes of this Agreement.
Off quotes means the error message in the MT4/MT5 platform, indicating that no price is
currently available or the last prices are no longer considered valid market prices. This error
typically occurs in two scenarios: when there is a disruption in connectivity with the trading
platform, or when the best available price for asset falls outside the specified maximum
deviation range. Off quotes are frequently encountered during volatile orlowliquidity periods.
Online Services meansthe services which provide the ability for clientsto transact with
TWM by way of an online trading platform including a Third-Party Online Platform
.
Open Position is where the Client has entered into a transaction or contract with
TWM , and a further transaction is required in order to close the position.
Order means a Financial Product entered between TWM and the Client
under
the applicable
Trade Contract Terms.
Order Value means for any Order, the Order price or rate multiplied by the Order quantity. OTC
means Over the Counter.
Partially Hedged Position means an Open Position that is opposite but not equal to another
Open Position.
Previous Order Value means, the amount calculated as follows:
a) where the Order Value is being determined for the first time for an Order Contract,
the Order Value at the commencement of the Order; or
b) in all other cases, the Order Value at the most recent Valuation Time.
Quoting Error means a liquidity provider error, a software error, a typographical error or
obvious mistake in a quote or indication and includes quoting delays.
Reciprocal Obligation means TWM ’ obligations to the Client in relation to
an
Order, a Margin Call
or a Deposit.
Reference Interest Rate meansthat interestrate provided by ourliquidity provider plus
TWM ’ transaction fee of 3.5% per annum.
Retail Client is a person or entity opting to receive the services provided by the Company.
Security Details means the information required byTWMunder clause 3.6.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 8 of 36
Sell Swap Rate means the interest rate that applies to the Term Currency at the Close of
Business on the relevant Trading Day.
Share CFD means a Financial Product where the underlying asset is a security listed on an
exchange.
Short Party means in respect of any Order the party identified in the Trade Confirmation Notice
as having notionally sold the underlying asset or assets to the OTC derivative contract.
Sophisticated Investor means a person other than a retail client.
Spot CFD means a CFD where the value of the contract derives its value from an underlying
asset or instrument whose price is quoted on a spot market.
Suspicious Trading Activity means any belief or decision of
TWM, reasonably formed or made and whether or not communicated to the Client, that the
Client has, either acting alone or with other persons, used the Online Service in a way which
affectsthe integrity or effective functioning oftheOnline Services or TWM’ for CFDs and Margin
FX, or the market for the Underlying Asset to which the CFD or Margin FX contract relates
whether or not such conduct is also illegal or also constitutes market abuse. Such conduct
includes butis notlimited to:
a) entering into Orders or combination of Orders such as holding long and short
positions in the same or similar Underlying Assets at similar times, irrespective of
how the Account(s) have been funded (for example, but not limited to, personal
deposits); or
b) entering into Orders or combinations of Orders in respect of Underlying Assets the
Client has entered into a transaction in an underlying market for the Underlying
Asset.
c) entering into Orders or combination of Orders with intention of exploiting widerthan-usual spreads during abnormal period of thin liquidity by scalping with
market/limit orders; or
d) entering into Orders or combination of Orders with intention of exploiting the
price gap with over-leveraged position prior to market closure or certain public
announcements; or
e) engaging in any trading activities with intention of abusing the Negative Balance
Protection Facility; or
f) engaging in any trading behaviors which are deemed exploitative, dishonest,
abusive, or a good faith violation.
Swap Charge or Swap Credit is as defined in clause 5.1 and 5.2.
Swap- Free Account or Islamic Account means an account offered by
TWM, at itssole discretion, which is designed specifically for, and available only to, Clients who
cannotreceive or pay rolloverinterest on overnightOpen Positionsforreligiousreasons.
Term Currency means the second currency in a Currency Pair.
Terms mean these terms and conditions, together with all schedules, attachments or other
documents attached.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 9 of 36
Third- Party means any entity with whom TWMhas entered
into an agreement or arrangement whereby TWMoffersthe Client accessto that entity’s online
trading platform (“ Third- Party Online Platform”) for the purpose of the provision via the ThirdPartyOnline Platformof additionalservicesto the Client.
Third-Party Online Platform means any online trading platform offered by a Third-Party.
Trade Confirmation Notice means a document signed by the Client and
TWM confirming the details of the Financial Product entered between the Client and
TWM .
Trade Contract Terms means the price, timing and other details (as contained in the
Instructions) TWMprovides you, either verbally or via the Internet, atwhich the relevant Order
can be purchased orsold.
Trading Day means Monday to Saturday including public holidays for all assets except for
Cryptocurrency CFDs. Trading Day for Cryptocurrency CFD means Monday to Sunday including
public holidays.
Value Date means either the Day selected by the Client and agreed by
TWM for the settlement of an Order or if there is no such Day, the future value date after the
execution of an Order by the Client and includes any agreed variation to the original date , being
either an earlier or a later date.
Valuation Time means the Close of Business on each Day, or any other time
TWM decides in its absolute discretion.
TWM , we, our or us means TWM Ltd., itssubsidiaries, holding companies,successors and/or
assigns, as well as its officers, directors, employees and agents.
Website means the TWM website.
Wholesale Client is a client who is not retail or sophisticated.
1.4. CLIENT REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
a) The Client warrants that:
i. in the case of an individual or more than one individual, they are of full age
and capacity.
ii. in the case of a firm or corporation, it is duly constituted and incorporated
and possesses the requisite power to enter into this Agreement and all
contracts made or to be made.
iii. in the case of a trustee of a trust, they are properly appointed as trustee,
they will be liable both in their personal capacity and as trustee, the trust
instrument is valid and complies with all applicable laws, and the trustee
has a right of indemnity from the trust assets in respect of this Agreement;
and
iv. (iv) in any case, this Agreement and such contracts are and will constitute
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Client.
b) The Client represents and warrants to TWM that:
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 10 of 36
i. the Client will place Orders wholly or predominantly for business and
investment purposes and not for personal, domestic or household use or
consumption.
ii. execution and delivery by the Client of this Agreement, and performance
of all the Client’s obligations contemplated under this Agreement does not
violate any Law applicable to the Client.
iii. all information provided by the Client to TWM is true, correct and
complete, and the Client will notify TWM promptly of any changes to
such information.
iv. the Client shall make ongoing disclosure to TWMof any mattersthat may
affect the operation of this Agreement or of the ability of the Client to
pay Margin Calls or to remain solvent.
v. The Client will not, either acting alone or with others, engage in conduct
which results in Suspicious Trading Activity as defined in this Agreement.
If TWMhas reasonable ground to suspect that the Client engages in
Suspicious Trading Activity, TWM reserves the right to temporarily or
permanently suspend the Client’s trading account, recover any losses
incurred in connection with the Suspicious Trading from the Client and/or
void the Client’s Orders and cancel any associated profits, with immediate
effect.
c) The Client acknowledges that:
i. by applying to open an account, you acknowledge that you have read and
understood this Agreement.
ii. TWM will enter the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in reliance on the representations and warranties made by
the Client.
iii. TWM provides advisory and execution-only services, and the final
investment decision is always the Client’s own.
iv. if TWM provides advice to the Client, then that the advice is general
only and does not consider the personal objectives, circumstances or
needs of the Client; and
v. if the Client is comprised of two or more legal persons,
TWM ’ primary contact for the receipt of Notices is the first person
named on the Application Form.
d) The Client:
i. confirms that they have regular access to the internet.
ii. consents to TWM contacting the Client (in the circumstances described
in this Agreement) by email on the address provided by the Client.
iii. agrees to ensure that the Client's contact details are always up to date.
iv. If this Agreement is provided to you in a language other than English, it is
provided for information purpose only. The governing language of this
Agreement is English. In the event of any inconsistency between the
English language version of this Agreement and a foreign language version,
the English version will prevail to the extent of any inconsistency.
TWM Ltd Client Agreement
Page 11 of 36
2. THE ACCOUNT
2.1.OPENING AN ACCOUNT
a) You need to have an active Account prior to transacting with us. No Orders can be
placed until an account has been opened and cleared funds received and credited
into the Account. You can apply for more than one Account. References in this
Agreement to your Account are taken to include reference additional accounts.
b) To apply for an Account, you must complete an Application Form.TWM , at
its sole discretion, may accept or decline your application. If
TWM accepts your application, you will be notified via email.
c) If TWM permits the Client to place an Order where no account
has
been opened, or
clear funds received, this will not limit the Client’s liability to TWM under this
Agreement.
2.2. ACCOUNT INFORMATION

a) You accept and warrant to us that any information provided to us at any time is true
and correct and that you will immediately inform us of any change to that
information.
b) You are required to keep confidential all Security Details relating to the Account,
including, but not limited to any username, account number, user ID and password.
Once you have established this Security Details, TWM has
no
obligation to verify
the authority of anyone using this information to operate your account. If you are
aware or suspect that these items are no longer confidential, you should contact
us immediately.
2.3. AFFILIATES AND INTRODUCING BROKERS

a) If you are referred to us by an Affiliate or Introducing Broker, you must not assume
these parties have access to your Account, act on your behalf (send us instructions)
or view your trading history unless they are an Authorized Person.
2.4. AUTHORISED USERS AND AUTHORISATION LIMITS

a) TWM may accept your authorization of another person (
Authorized
User) to give
instructions and place Orders on the Client’s behalf. The Authorized Person can
be an Affiliate, Introducing Broker or Trading Agent. The Client must notify
TWM in a written Notice in the form of
authorization
under a power of attorney.
b) Upon TWM receiving such Notice the change in
Authorized
User is effective
immediately. However, the Notice shall not affect any Orders already executed
.
c) Any appointment of an Authorized User shall remain in full force and effect unless
and until a notice of cancellation of appointment has been delivered to
TWM .
d) The Client may inform TWM of an authorization limit applicable
to
some or all
Orders either in general or for particular Authorized Users. Any authorization
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 12 of 36
limit provided by the Client to TWM may be withdrawn by the Client
at
any time by
giving Notice to TWM .
e) All Instructions were given and Orders accepted by an Authorized User within their
authorization limits will be deemed to be Instructions and Orders authorized by the
Client and shall be binding upon the Client.
f) Until the Client has provided a Notice toTWMto the contrary,TWMmay continue to
assume that all existing Authorized Users have authority to execute legally binding
Orders with TWM within
their
authorization limits.
g) The Client hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold TWM
harmless in respect of any loss incurred by an Authorized User entering
Orders within their authorization limits.
2.5. DEPOSITS
a) TWM will provide you with access to online service where you can
track
the following
information in your Account:
i. the orders that you have entered with us.
ii. the payments you have paid, or you are required to pay to us.
iii. the payments TWM have paid, or
TWM is
required to pay to you.
b) Paymentsto the Account may be made using any of the following payment methods:
i. by online bank transfer.
ii. by same day bank transfer; or
iii. by international telegraphic transfer.
c) TWM reserves the right to remove or restrict the payment methods
that
you use to
deposit and withdraw money from your Account.
d) The Client must have sufficient cleared funds deposited in an account before
TWM creates any Order. TWM will indicate to
the
Client, where applicable, the sum
required as the Deposit for each Order (where TWM
applicable
). may impose other
fees and charges for using the services,
e) by providing Notice to the Client. If the Client does not consent to the charges,
the Client can terminate the Agreement immediately and the charges will not
apply to the Order prior to the Notice being given by
f) TWM TWM .is not responsible for any fees or charges imposed by
ThirdParty banks or
other counterparties, which are incurred by the Client in connection with the use
of the services.
g) All payments under this Agreement must be made in United States dollars or any
other currency that TWM may agree
h) toIf TWM . becomes aware or has reason to believe that the
money
you’ve deposited
has come from someone other than you (i.e., from a funding method in someone
else’s name), TWM reserves the right
to
decline your deposit, return the money to
the source of origination, void any transactions and terminated this Agreement.
i) If TWM is not satisfied that a payment method is in your name, TWM reserve
the right to ask you for documents to prove this before TWM decide whether
credit your Account. to
TWM Ltd Client Agreement
Page 13 of 36
2.6. WITHDRAWALS

a) If your Account shows Free Balance, you can ask TWM to pay some or part of
that Free Balance to you.
b) TWM may choose to withhold some or all any withdrawal that you request
at its own discretion if:
i. TWM requires you to maintain a certain amount of money in your
Account to meet our margin obligations/requirements.
ii. TWM is entitled to
the Corporations Act; or amount withholdunder the
iii. In line with section 2.6.
c) TWM will inform you as soon as reasonably possible if TWM decides to withhold
any part of your Free Balance.
d) TWM hasthe right to refuse to act on Instructions to send fundsto a bank account
or any other account if it has a reason to believe this destination account is held in
a different name than the trading account name.
e) TWM will use all reasonable endeavors to make payments to the Client in
accordance with the timing specified in the Client’sInstructions. However, TWM
shall not be liable under any circumstances for any direct, indirect or
consequential loss (including any loss of profits) incurred as a result of a delay in
funds reaching the Client’s nominated account.
f) TWM will not be liable if a payee/beneficiary bank fails to process a payment
correctly.
g) TWM is only required to make an international payment to or at the direction
of the Client on a particular Day if cleared funds have been received by TWM
prior to the Cut-off Time for that Day. International payments relating to funds
received by TWM after the Cut-off Time for a Day will be made on the next Day.
The Client agrees all funds in and out of the Account are subject to TWM ’ deposits and
withdrawals policy on our website.
2.7. SEGREGATED CLIENT MONEY
a) All money deposited by the Client with TWM , received by TWM or its
agent on behalf of the Client, or that is, client profits on the Close Out of a Financial
Product, shall be deposited into one or more accounts nominated by TWM and
will be paid into a client segregated bank account when required by Law,
which is typically when the Client pays money into the nominated account:
i. without agreeing to the terms of a Financial Product by the next Day
following actual receipt of the deposit; or
ii. without TWM issuing the Financial Product immediately;
or iii. Such segregation of the Client’s money does not fully protect the Client’
s money from the risk of loss.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 14 of 36
b) While the Client’s money is segregated from TWM ’ money, it may be
co- mingled with the money of other Clients and utilized by TWM
from time to time where TWM is allowed to do so pursuant to Law.
c) TWM shall be entitled to retain any interest earned on such
segregated money held or invested by TWM .
d) TWM may use the funds in the client segregated account:
i. in accordance with applicable Laws.
ii. to manage TWM ’ dealings with its counterparties with respect to
Wholesale Clients (other than Sophisticated Investors), including
margining, guaranteeing, securing, transferring, adjusting or settling
such dealings, but only at the time at which TWM
has incurred such an obligation.
e) If the Client is a Wholesale Client (other than a Sophisticated Investors) then the
Client acknowledges that clause 6.4 constitutes the Client's written agreement to
using funds in the client segregated account in the manner referred to in that clause.
f) The Client acknowledges clause 4.6 is sufficient written authorization for
TWM to withdraw without notice to, or further authorization from,
the Client the amount of money deposited into the segregated account necessary to meet
TWM ’ obligations incurred for this purpose. The Client has no interest in
or
claim over
TWM ’ contracts (if any) with any other person or in
the
accounts into which
lodges or pays the funds which were withdrawn from theTWMsegregated accounts.
g) for the facilitation of transactions and settlements, and avails monies received
for Deposits and settlements which are not client money to such providers for
this purpose.
h) When TWMacceptsmoney froma Clientin connectionwith an Order, a Margin
Call or a Deposit, the Client immediately receives Reciprocal Obligationsfrom
under the Trade Contract Terms. The payment is not “client TWMmoney”, but
rather has purchased that Reciprocal Obligation from
TWM .
3. TRADING

3.1. INSTRUCTIONS AND CREATION OF ORDERS

a) Rate indications from TWM are available by telephone,
email, face
-to- face or
through the Online Services. Such indications are not binding, and the rates will be
as agreed when TWM exercises it right to create an
b) The OrderClient . , or an Authorized User may issue trading instructions to
TWM by using the TWM Trading Platform via a desktop
computer
or a mobile
device.
c)TWM, atits discretion,may accept orders orinstructionsfromthe Client through
other means, such as by email or telephone.
d) If the Client or an Authorized User executes an Order on the
TWM Trading Platform, they are deemed to be making an offer to trade at the
quoted price. A Trade Contract Terms and the quoted price offered by the Client
or an Authorized
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 15 of 36
User will not be binding until the Order has been accepted and confirmed by
TWM subject to its discretionary rights.
e) If TWM exercises this right, then an Order is formed between the
Client
and TWM
When an Order is created the parties shall become bound by the content. of the
relevant Trade Contract Terms and this Agreement.
f) TWMreservesthe rightto decline to enterinto anyOrder proposed by the Client or
an Authorized User. TWM shall not be obliged to give
a
reason. However, TWM
promptly notify the Client that TWM has not created anshall Order with the
Client.
g) When the Client, or an Authorized User, contact TWM by
either
telephone,
email, face-to-face or through an Online Service and provides the appropriate
Client reference number (and such other security checks as TWM may specify
), TWM may, but is not
obligated to, ask for the
following information:
i. the Client’s contact details;
ii. your account number;
iii. your further identification details;
iv. the type of Order the Client wishes to enter into with reference to the
asset or assets underlying the Order (e.g., exchange rate, currency pair,
commodity, precious metal or index);
v. whether you intend to be the Long Party or the Short Party for the Order;
vi. the Order quantity;
vii. the Order price or rate; and
viii. any other information applicable to the Order as TWM
may require from time to time. Collectively, though not exhaustively, this
information or any portion constitutes an Instruction.
h) An Order may be:
i. A day Order meaning that the order will be cancelled at 22:00 GMT; or
ii. A good ‘til cancelled Order, which means that the Order will remain
capable of being accepted by TWM until the Client cancels the Order
or TWM accepts it.
i) Orders may be placed as:
i. market Orders to buy or sell a Financial Product as soon as possible at the
price obtainable in the market; or
ii. limit and stop Orders to trade reaches a predefined level, as applicable to
the various Financial Products offered (or a combination of these types of
Orders).
j) Limit Orders to buy and stop Orders to sell must be placed below the current market
price, and limit Orders to sell and stop Orders to buy must be placed above the
current market price. If the bid price for sell Orders or ask price for buy Orders is
reached, the Order is filled as soon as possible at the price obtainable in the market.
Limit and stop Orders are therefore not guaranteed executable at the specific level
or amount.
k) Where the Client is using a Third-Party Online Platform, and the Client selects a
feature offered by the Third-Party that facilitates trades automatically, then
acceptance of the Order occurs automatically for each Order placed by the Third-
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 16 of 36
Party, subject to the terms of the Third-Party’s agreement with the Client, and
subject to TWM ’ discretionary right to create an Order.
l) You acknowledge that TWM is not making any discretionary
decisions
to buy or sell
Financial Products on the Client’s behalf, but rather, the Client is choosing to use
trading strategies offered by a Third-Party via a Third-Party
3.2. CANCELLATION OR ALTERATION OF AN ORDER

a) If the Client decides that it wants to change any of the amounts or the dates under
an Order, and the Client contacts TWMaccordingly, TWM may in its discretion
provide the Client with Trade Contract Termsfor the alteration which are reasonable given the
market conditions. The Client may either accept the new Trade Contract Terms and
form a new Order or remain bound by the Trade Contract Terms of the original Order.
b) If, after an Order has been placed, the Client informs TWM that
they
wish to cancel the
Order, or this Agreement allows TWM to treat
the
Client as having terminated the
Order or this Agreement, TWM
may
terminate at its complete discretion either the
Order alone or the Order and this Agreement but may also at its discretion insist on
the performance of the Order.
c) If the Client cancels or fails to perform an Order, the Client is liable for any loss or
damage suffered by TWM in closing out Orders which the
Client
has cancelled or
failed to perform.
d) The Client may forfeit part or all any Deposit in the event of cancellation. Where
TWM has suffered loss, it reserves the right to set off against the
Client
’s Deposit or
any other funds received from the Client, any charges, fees or losses sustained by
TWM in closing out the Order.
3.3. CURRENCY CONVERSIONS

a) Money can be paid under the Agreements in these currencies, on the terms set out in
this clause: Australian Dollars (AUD), United States Dollars (USD), British Pound
Sterling (GBP), Euro (EUR), Canadian Dollars (CAD), Japanese Yen (JPY), New Zealand
Dollars (NZD), Singapore Dollars (SGD) or Hong Kong Dollars (HKD).
b) Realized profits and losses will be converted into the currency specified for the trade
and will be converted into the Base Currency of the Account at the currentsport rate
immediately on closing-Out a Position.
c) If the Client makes a payment to TWMin a different currency than the Base
Currency of the Account, the payment will be converted into the Base Currency of the
Account at the spot rate given by TWM ’ financial.
3.4. TRADING CONFIRMATIONS AND STATEMENTS

a) Each time the Client places an Order with TWM , a
confirmation of
the executed
trade will appear in the TWM Trading
Platform.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 17 of 36
b) The Client consents to receive Trade Confirmations by electronic means including,
for example, through any Online Service.
c) TWM will available Daily and Monthly Statements via TWM Trading Platform or
online service.
d) Following the end of day settlement time, provided the Client has transacted or has
an open Position, TWM Trading Platform will produce a Daily Statement which will
be emailed to the Client at their registered email address and then made available
on the TWM Trading Platform.
e) Following month-end, TWM will produce an electronic version of the Client’s
trading statement which will be emailed to the Client and be available on the TWM
Trading Platform. This will provide the same details as the daily statements but
cover all account movements and transactions opened for the month.
f) The Client is responsible for promptly checking all contents of Confirmations and the
Daily and Monthly Statements. The client must immediately notify
TWM if they become are that there is an error in the Confirmation or the
Statements. TWM is entitled to assume that the Confirmations
and Statements are correct unless the Client notifies TWM of
any error within 48 hours following us giving the Confirmation or the
Statements becoming available to the Client.
3.5. TELEPHONE AND EMAIL TRANSACTIONS
a) An Authorized User may request TWM to accept Instructions and enter Orders by
telephone. TWM has sole discretion to accept Instructions and enter Orders by
telephone.
b) TWM may check the authority of the caller by requesting the caller give his or her
name and confirming thatsuch name has been notified to TWMby the Client as an
Authorized User. Upon such check confirming the identity of the caller, TWM
may assume that the caller has the full authority as previously notified by the
Client.
c) The Client acknowledges and agrees and will ensure that each Authorized User
acknowledges and agrees, that TWM may make a recording of each telephone
Instruction and any other conversation (including Internet conversations e.g.,
chats) received from a Client or an Authorized User or between a Client or an
Authorized User and TWM . The recording remains the property of TWM .
The telephone recording can be used by TWM to confirm the terms and
conditions of any transaction where there is a dispute with a client as to the
Trade Contract Terms of the transaction, and for training and monitoring
d) purposes An Authorized User may request . TWM to accept Instructions and enter Orders by
email. TWM may accept Instructions sent by email. The Client acknowledges and
agrees that upon the acceptance by TWM of the Client’s Instructions, the
Client shall be bound by those Instructions.
3.6. ONLINE SERVICES
a) If the Client or the Client’s Authorized User uses any of the Online Services, the Client
or Authorized User will be able to:
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 18 of 36
i. place your Orders or issue Instructions to TWM
ii. .
enquire as to the availability or pricing or value of one or more Financial
Products.
iii. receive market data and other information in relation to one or more
Financial Products.
iv. monitor your obligations under this Agreement.
v. receive Confirmations, Account balances or other information in
connection with your Account or transactions booked with
; or
vi. use such other facilities as TWM may from time to time make
available through the Online services.
b) The Client must provide TWM on request with a list of
Authorized
User(s) and is
responsible for informing TWM with any changes to
that list.
TWM
c) An Online Service may be a proprietary service provided by
or a service provided to you by a third party pursuant to an
arrangementwith TWM (for example, by
an
Exchange or by a software provider).
d) The Client isresponsible for complyingwith the operations aspects of Online Services
provided by TWM or the provider of the Online Services.
e) TWM may at any time without notice suspend, withdraw or
deny
access to the
Online Services to a Client or one or more of the Client's Authorized Users for any
reason including but not limited to security, quality of service, failure by the
Client to pay any amount when due or breach by the Client of any provision of
this Agreement.
f) Clients can contactTWMinwriting to terminate their accessto an Online Services
g) TWM can delay, decline or reverse any Order if TWM reasonably:
i. suspects that the transaction might be unlawful or might be associated
with financial crime.
ii. suspects that the Client has engaged in Suspicious Trading Activity;
iii. believes that by carrying out the transaction
TWM might breach our compliance obligations;
iv. believes or that the Client is in breach of this Agreement.
Undersuch circumstances, TWMwill not be liable for delaying
or
refusing to carry
out an Instruction.
TW
M
TWM Ltd Client Agreement
Page 19 of 36
k) The Client must not:
i. not permit, consent or allow any person (other than an Authorized User)
to use the Security Details or to access or use the Online Service using that
Security Details.
ii. not provide, disclose or make available the Security Details to any person
(other than an Authorized User);
iii. misuse any of the Online Services by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans,
worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically
harmful.
iv. attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of the Online Services or any
server, computer or database connected to any of the Online Services; and
v. attack any of the Online Services via a denial-of-service attack or a
distributed denial-of-service attack.
l) The Client acknowledges and agrees that:
i. Access to Online Services can only be granted using the Security Details.
ii. The Client is responsible for the consequences of any unauthorized
disclosure or use of the Security Details, and for any actions or omissions
by an Authorized User.
iii. TWM is entitled to rely on all Instructions given by,
behalf of, or appear on theonClients’ behalf, using the Security Details; despite any
other provision of these terms, TWM is not liable for any
lcaused oss by it acting on Instructions or other communications using the
Security Details.
iv. There may be delays in the processing, execution, amendment or
cancellation of an Order entered through the Online Service and:
• an Order may be filled before instruction for its amendment or
cancellation is processed.
• the Client remains liable to settle the original Order until any
relevant amendment or cancellation is affected; and
• without limiting clause, 12 TWMwill not be liable for any loss
incurred by the Client arising from any delay in the
dissemination of market information or the processing of any
Order or instruction to amend or cancel an Order.
v. TWM is not responsible for the processing, execution or
cancellation of any Orders submitted through the Online Services,
regardless of who enters such Orders and regardless of whether there
is an error in the Order entry or for any delays.
vi. Any Online Service is provided on an "as is" basis and, except as required
by law, TWM makes no representations or warranties express or implied
with respect to the Online Services.
vii. The speed of information provided through the Online Services is subject
to a number of factors including, but not limited to, the speed of the user's
internet connection, the user's settings, the number of concurrent users
accessing the Online Services and the volume of information being
received and sent by the Online Services.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 20 of 36
viii. there are significant risks in trading through the Online Services because it
is serviced by means of computer and telecommunications systems, even
if generally accepted industry standards and practices are followed.
ix. The Client will be liable for all Orders and/Instructions made when using
any of the Online Services including instances of any misuse, fraud or
abuse by the Client or the Client's Authorized Users or where the Client or
the Client's Authorized Users have disclosed Security Details to a ThirdParty.
x. TWM may change the minimum specification required to access the
Online Services and may make operational changes to and alter the
services currently available at any time. TWM will notify Clients of
such changes by either placing a message on the client area, trading
platform or by email.
xi. the Client is responsible for ensuring they have in place alternative
arrangements for the execution of Orders or other services available
through the Online Services if the Online Services or any aspect of it ceases
to be available or subject to failure (including, for example, arrangements
for the use of telephone or e-mail);
m) Clients are responsible for obtaining, maintaining and ensuring compatibility of their
electronic software, devices and equipment. TWMwill not be responsible for any
loss of or damage to a client’s data, software, computer, electronic devices,
telecommunications or other equipment caused by use of any of the Online
Services unless such loss or damage is directly and solely caused by our
negligence or deliberate default.
n) Clients are responsible for ensuring that their electronic devices and equipment are
free from viruses and other malware and TWM will not be responsible for any
losses incurred by failure to do this. TWM shall use reasonable endeavors to
keep the Online Services free from viruses and corrupt files but cannot guarantee
that the Online Services will be free from infection by viruses or anything else with
contaminating or destructive properties. TWM is not able to guarantee that
accessto any of the Online Services will be uninterrupted, continuous or error-free.
o) By breaching this provision, a Client may also commit a criminal offence.
TWM may report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities
and will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing a Client's identity to them.
In the event of such a breach, the Client's right to use the Online Services will
cease immediately and without Notice. TWM will not be liable for any loss or
damage caused by a distributed denial-of- service attack, viruses or other
technologically harmful material that may infect a Client's electronic devices and
equipment.
3.7. HEDGED POSITIONS
a) TWM may allow you to execute Hedged Positions on some Financial Products
from time to time. A Hedged Position is an Open Position that is opposite of
another Open Position. In other words, it is the same Financial Product, but the
opposite direction (i.e., you are the Long Party and the Short Party). A Hedged
Position may be a Fully Hedged Position or a Partially Hedged Position.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 21 of 36
b) TWM reserves the right to reduce the Deposit to zero for Fully Hedged Positions.
We also reserve the right to reduce the Deposit for Partially Hedged Positions.
If we choose to reduce the Deposit, we do not waive the right to require a deposit
at any given time.
c) You acknowledge and agree that if the Deposit for a Hedged Position has been
reduced and you close anyone Open Position that forms part of the Hedged Position,
it will immediately trigger the full Deposit for the Open Position. If you do not have
sufficient Deposit such Open Position will be closed in accordance with clause 3.2 (c).
d) TWM may close all or part of any Hedged Position at any time without notice at
the Close-Out Value where we reasonably believe that the Hedged Position is being
abused by a Client including where we reasonably believe that such Hedged
Positions are not in the ordinary course of trading, or where it constitutes
Suspicious Trading Activity.
It is hereby agreed that the Company shall exercise its discretion in investigating clients’
accounts. Based on the findings it may proceed with notifying client(s) that their account is
under investigation whereas the Company reserves the right to proceed with immediate
account termination, with or without prior notification to the client of the said breach of the
Client Agreement. The Company is further entitled to reverse any profits accrued from
suspicious trading and/or terminate the trading account and/or any account which can be
found to be associated with such practices.
3.8. DELAYS AND QUOTING ERRORS
a) While TWM will make every reasonable effort to process the Client's Order
promptly, in the absence of gross negligence or wilful misconduct, TWM cannot be
held liable for delays, damages, failures, or errors in the completion of the Order,
including instances of off quotes situations.
b) In the event of a quoting or off quote error, TWM :
i. is not liable and responsible for any damages, claims, losses, liabilities, or costs
arising from the error;
ii. reserves the right to restrict or suspend the trading activities of the involved
Client until further notice; and
iii. reserves the right to make the required adjustments to rectify the error.
Any dispute arising from a quoting or off quote error will be resolved based on the fair market
value, as determined by TWMacting reasonably, of the relevant currency at the time
such quoting error occurred.
c) If TWM is unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement or an Order
because of factors beyond its control or because of a Force Majeure Event,
TWM will notify the Client as soon as is reasonably practicable and will use
reasonable endeavors to secure the return of any money paid by the Client in
respect of which TWMhas been unable to discharge its obligations under this
Agreement.
d) TWM may give a Notice to the Client at any time if it forms the view that market
conditions in the relevant financial market for the currency concerned are
seriously disturbed. This includes circumstances where, in TWM ’ opinion, deposits
in the currency concerned are not available in the ordinary course of business
to TWM in the relevant financial market or because of national
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 22 of 36
or international financial, political or economic circumstances or exchange controls,
it is impractical.
e) When a Notice under clause 15 is given,TWM’s obligationswill be suspended
while it and the Client negotiate alternative arrangements. If the parties reach an
agreement before the Value Date, those alternative arrangements will apply. If
they do not reach agreement within that period, each will be released from its
obligations under the relevant transaction.
3.9. TRADING HOURS
a) Trading hoursfor Margin FX Contracts and CFDs vary and will depend on the relevant
Underlying Instrument’s hours of operation. The trading hours are published on our
website.
b) We are under no obligation to quote prices or accept Orders on a public holiday in
any jurisdiction which, in our reasonable opinion, affects the relevant value of the
underlying asset or assetsto the OTC derivative contract TWM
offers.
We give notice
of such public holidays and the underlying asset or assets affected on the Online
Service.
4. MARGIN
4.1. INITIAL MARGIN
a) Before placing a trade that creates an open Position the Client is required to pay into
the Account the Initial Margin for that Position as calculated by TWM
.
4.2. MARGIN OBLIGATIONS
a) The Client must pay to TWM such amounts of Margin as it
may
require under this
Agreement.
b) A Margin Deposit is credited by TWM at the time cleared funds
have
been received
into the Client Account or such earlier time as allowed by TWM , so a Margin
requirement for any anticipated or Open Positions by TWM is not satisfied
unless ad until the Client’s payment is received in cleared funds into the Client Account.
c) TWM will not be liable for any losses including losses arising from
real
or Open
Positions if a Margin Deposit or payment is not received in cleared funds into the
Client Account.
d) The Client must maintain at least the amount of Margin required by
TWM whether or not TWM gives any notice to the Client
to
make those
payments of the Client has actual notice of the required amount. The required
amount of Margin can change continuously, including over the weekend or other
non-trading days
e) It is the Client’s sole responsibility to always monitor through the
TWM Trading Platform any notifications that TWM may, but is
not
obliged to,
provide, the Margin deposited or any Minimum Margin
Agreement having regard to such matters as: requirement under this
i. your open Positions;
ii. the volatility of any relevant Underlying Instrument;
iii. the volatility of the Underlying Market and the generally.
iv. any applicable Exchange Rate risk; and
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 23 of 36
v. the time it will take for you to remit sufficient cleared funds to
.
TWM
f) The Client must ensure that for as long as they have an Open Position, their account
is sufficiently funded to cover the required Margin. If not, the Client’s Open Position
may be Closed Out by TWM without prior notice to the
g) Client TWM.may, in its absolute discretion, provide the Client with further time to
meet their Margin Requirements. Such permission will only be effective once
confirmed in writing by TWM and only to the extent provided in the
notice.
h) If TWM asks the Client to transfer money to it to meet its Margin
,
requirement the client must take this action immediately. If they don’t, TWM will consider
ita Default Event under these terms. TWM may also cancel any Orders or CloseOut one or more of the Client’s positions or part of their positions at its sole discretion
without being liable to the Client, regardless of whether the Client transfers
additional money to it.

4.3. MARGIN CLOSE-OUT
a) TWM Margin practice is an automated process where the TWM Electronic
Trading Platform displays a visual warning on your Account online at different
Margin levels. If the funds in your Account only cover 80 % of the margin
requirements, a Margin Call alert will be triggered, and you will receive a visual
warning automatically on the TWM Trading Platform. If the funds available
in your account only covers 50% of the margin requirements for your open Margin
FX or CFD positions, your worst-performing Margin FX or CFD positions (i.e., the
CFD with the largest margin requirement) will be automatically closed out.

4.4. CHANGING MARGIN PERCENTAGE
a) TWM may vary the Margin Percentage in respect of any Position at any time by
giving notice in accordance with clause 16.
b) Any variation of the Margin Percentage and/or increase in Margin or Minimum
Margin requirement will be due and payable immediately on
TWM demand.
4.5. MARK TO MARKET PAYMENTS
a) TWM calculates the Order Value as at each Valuation Time.
b) If at a Valuation Time:
i. the Order Value is greater than the Previous Order Value:
• the Short Party must pay the Long Party the excess of the Order
Value over the Previous Order Value; or
• the seller must pay the buyer the excess of the Order Value over
the Previous Order Value; or
ii. the Order Value is less than the Previous Order Value:
• the Long Party must pay the Short Party the excess of the Previous
Order Value over the Order Value; or
• the buyer must pay the seller the excess of the Previous Order
Value over the Order Value.
c) If on the Close-Out Date:
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 24 of 36
i. the Close-Out Value is greater than the Previous Order Value the Long
Party must pay the Short Party the excess of the Previous Order Value over
the Close-Out Value; and
ii. the Close-Out Value is less than the Previous Order Value the Short Party
must pay the Long Party the excess of the Previous Order Value over the
Close-Out Value.
d) All Mark to Market Payments:
i. TWM owes to the Client are credited to your account; and ii. you owe to
us are debited from your account, on the Same Day as the
relevant Valuation Time or Close-out Date.
4.6. FORCED LIQUIDATION
a) The Client is required to maintain a sufficient level of Margin.
reserves its rights to close out all Open Positions:
i. if at any time the Deposit held by TWM is
no longer sufficient to cover the negativeapproaching mark to market or is value of any or
all Open Positions that the Client has open with TWM; or
ii. at
any time, and
fromtime to time, TWMdetermines
the thatvalue of all of the Client’s Open Positions represents a substantial
net unrealized loss to the Client such that, in TWM ’
belief
, the
continued trading, or failure to Close Out, one or more of the Client’s Open
Positions will or is likely to materially prejudice the Client’s
b) TWM Account Value shall. have the right, at our sole discretion,
to
determine the
Mark to Market value from time to time.
c) In addition to other remedies available toTWM, ifthe Clientfailsto pay any amount
when due under this Agreement, or if a Default Event occurs, TWM has the right
toterminate (by either buying or selling) any or all of the Client’s Open Positions.
5. CHARGES AND CREDITS TO THE ACCOUNT
5.1. INTEREST CHARGES ON OPEN MARGIN FX POSITIONS
a) Where an Order for a Margin FX contract is held overnight, the Order is subject to a
Swap Charge or Swap Credit determined by TWM in accordance
with
this clause:
i. if the Client is the Long Party and the Bought Swap Rate is higher than the
Sell Swap Rate, TWM must pay you interest on
the
Open Position of
any Orders at the rate that is the Bought Swap Rate minus the Sell Swap
Rate;
ii. if the Client is the Long Party and the Bought Swap Rate is less than the
Sell Swap Rate, the Client must pay TWM interest on
the
Open Position of
any Orders at the rate that is the Bought Swap Rate minus the Sell Swap
Rate;
iii. if the Client is the Short Party and the Sell Swap Rate is higher than the
Bought Swap Rate, TWM must pay the Client interest
on
the Open
Position of any Orders at the rate that isthe Bought Swap Rate minusthe
Sell Swap Rate; and
TW
M
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 25 of 36
iv. if the Client is the Short Party and the Sell Swap Rate is lower than the
Bought Swap Rate, the Client must pay TWM interest on the Open
Position of any Orders at the rate that isthe Bought Swap Rate minusthe
Sell Swap Rate.
b) Where an Order for a Margin FX contract is held at the Close of Trade on a
Wednesday, the Swap Charge or Swap Credit is adjusted to reflect interest rate
changes in the Currency Pair until the following Monday.
c) Where an Order for a Margin FX contract is held overnight, the Client agrees to pay
TWM a transaction fee of up to 10% of the value of the Swap Charge or Swap
Credit.
d) Swap Charges or Swap Credits and TWM ’ transaction fee are calculated and
applied to your account at the beginning of the next Trading Day
e) No Swap Charge, Swap Credit or transaction fee is payable where an Order for a
Margin FX contract is opened and closed on the same Trading Day.
5.2. INTEREST CHARGES ON OPEN SPOT CFD POSITIONS
a) Where an Order for a Spot CFD is held overnight, the Order is subject to a Swap
Charge or Swap Credit determined by TWM multiplying the value of the contract
at the end of the Trading Day by the Reference Interest Rate and adjusted for any
dividend in relation to the underlying asset or instrument.
b) TWM may, on its website, designate a spot CFD as a swap-free Spot CFD. Where an
Order for a swap-free CFD contract is held overnight, the Order will not be
subject to a Swap Charge or Swap Credit for the first seven days that the Order is
held overnight provided that the Client does not engage in Suspicious Trading
Activity with respect to the Order. If the Order remains open for more than seven
days, the Order may be subject to a Swap Charge or Swap Credit determined by
TWM in accordance with clause 5.2a) from day eight onwards. If TWM reasonably
believes that a Client has engaged in Suspicious Trading Activity with respect to a
swap-free Spot CFD, TWM reserves the right to apply Swap Charges or Swap
Credits retrospectively from the opening of the Order and to take any other
action that is permitted under this Agreement in relation to Suspicious
Trading Activity.
c) Where an Order for a Spot CFD (except for Cryptocurrency CFD) is held at the Close
of Trade on a Friday, the Swap Charge or Swap Credit is adjusted to reflect the cost
of holding the position until the following Monday.
d) Swap Charges or Swap Credits in relation to Spot CFDs are calculated and applied to
your account at the beginning of the next Trading Day.
e) No Swap Charge or Swap Credit is payable where an Order for a Spot CFD is opened
and closed on the same Trading Day.
5.3. ROLLOVER CHARGES & CREDITS FOR OPEN FUTURES CFDPOSITIONS
a) Where an Order for a Futures CFD is held overnight, the Order is not subject to a
Swap Charge or Swap Credit.
b) Where an Order for a Futures CFD is held at the Close of Trade on the Close-Out
Date, the Order is automatically rolled over meaning that the contract is closed, and
a new Order is created for the Futures CFD on the next Trading Day at the new
contract price. TWM will not automatically roll over an Open Position for
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 26 of 36
a Futures CFD held at the Close of Trade on the Close- Out Date unless
TWM has provided reasonable notice to the Client of the CloseOut
Date and the
position remains open after this date.
c) Where an Order for a Futures CFD is held at the Close of Trade on the Close-Out
Date, an adjustment will be applied to the Client’s account to reflect the difference
between the old contract price and the new contract price for the Futures CFD less
an administration fee of 2.5 basis points payable to TWM .
d) Cash adjustments will be applied to the Client’s account on the first Trading Day of
the new contract.
5.4. COMMISSIONS FEES AND EXPENSES
a) In addition to any other fees or charges set out in these Terms, the Client agrees to
pay:
i. an amount equal to any other fee charged or levied on
TWM , or other expense incurred by TWM , arising
from
any action
taken pursuant to this Agreement; and
ii. all relevant taxes and expenses incurred by the Client in connection with
this Agreement.
b) The Client confirms and acknowledges thatTWMis,withoutlimiting its powers to
recover amounts owing by the Client to TWM in
any
other way, permitted to
deduct, without further reference to the Client, charges relating to any services
provided by TWM
including
administration charges (including but not limited
to fees associated with returned cheques, payment processing, debt collection
and telephone transcript copies), charges relating to the use of the Online Services
and any transaction fees charged to TWM by others with respect to the Client’s
transactions including, but not limited to tracing fees.
c) TWM may in its absolute discretion waive or reduce fees
or
transaction charges, for
individual clients or for classes of clients, for any length of time, with or without
conditions, without notice.
d) The Client acknowledges that should they affect an Order with TWM
,
the Client
must pay all transaction charges, fees, settlements, interest and any other
amounts due under this Agreement on demand by TWM
in
cleared funds or
otherwise as required in accordance with the terms of this
e) The Client agrees that Agreement. TWMmay at any time share transaction fees
and charges with any other persons without being required to disclose the
sharing of such fees and charges to the Client unless such disclosure is required by
Law.
5.5. SWAP FREE OR ISLAMIC ACCOUNT
a) Clients who hold a Swap Free Account will be charged an administrative fee instead
of being credited or debited with a Swap Charge when holding a position overnight.
TWM reserves the right to change the administration charges
from
time to time.
Apart from this difference, Swap-Free Accounts have the same trading
conditions and terms as TWM ’ regular Client accounts.
b) If a Client holds an existing regular account and wishes to convert that account to a
Swap Free Account, the client must make a request in writing to our support team.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 27 of 36
The conversion from a regular account to a Swap Free Account can only take place
if all positions on the regular accounts are closed and the account is reconciled.
c) Swap Free Accounts are to be used in good faith and, the Client may not use the
Swap-Free Account to make profits from swaps or, not paying swaps. The Client may
not request the payment of any Swap Credit amounts that have been lost as a result
of converting Client account(s) into one or more Swap- Free Accounts for the period
during which the Client’s account(s) have been converted into one or more Swap
Free Accounts.
d) TWM reserves the right to revoke or cancel a Swap Free
Account
without having to
provide any reason. If TWM detects that a
Swap
Free Account is being abused by
taking advantage of not paying swaps, in the form of, but not limited to; fraud,
manipulation, cash-back arbitrage, carry trades, or other forms of deceitful or
fraudulent activity with the usage of a Swap Free Account, then TWM reserves
right to take immediate action the
;
with immediate effect, revoking all live trading
accounts that are under
suspicion of exploitation.
ii. correction and recovery of accrued swaps and related accrued interest
expenses and/or costs pertaining to and all of the Client's Swap-Free
Accounts for the period which the accounts were converted into SwapFree Accounts.
iii. with immediate effect, termination of the Agreement; and/or
iv. with immediate effect, nullifying all trades carried out on client's trading
accounts and cancelling any profits earned or losses incurred on such
client's trading accounts.
6. GUARANTEE
a) A Client’s obligations under the Agreement must be guaranteed:
i. where the Client (including a trustee) is a company, by each director of the
Company; and
ii. in any other circumstance, where TWM
determines, in
its absolute
discretion, that such guarantee is required.
b) The Guarantor acknowledges thatTWMis acting in reliance on the Guarantor
incurring obligations and giving rights under this guarantee and
indemnity.
c) The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to
TWM compliance with their obligations in connection
the Agreement with, including each obligation to pay money.
d) If the Client does not comply with those obligations on time and in accordance with
the Agreement, then the Guarantor agrees to comply with those obligations ondemand from TWM . A demand may be made whether TWM has made demand
on the Client.
e) The Guarantor indemnifies TWM against any liability or loss
arising
from, and any
costs it incurs, if:
i. the Client does not, or is unable to, comply with an obligation the Client
has (including an obligation to pay money) in connection with the
Agreement; or
ii. an obligation the Client would otherwise have under the Agreement
(including an obligation to pay money) is found to be unenforceable; or
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 28 of 36
iii. an obligation the Guarantor would otherwise have under clause 6 is found
to be unenforceable; or
iv. a representation or warranty by the Client in the Agreement is found to
have been incorrect or misleading when made or taken to be made.
f) The Guarantor agrees to pay amounts due under clause 6 on demand from
TWM .
g) TWM needs not incur expense or make payment before
enforcing
this right of
indemnity.
h) The guarantee in clause 6 is a continuing obligation despite any intervening payment,
settlement or other thing and extends to all of the Client’s obligations in connection
with the Agreement. The Guarantor waives any right it has of first requiring
TWM to commence proceedings or enforce any other rights
against
the Client or
any other person before claiming from the Guarantor under this guarantee and
indemnity.
i) The Guarantor acknowledges that, before entering into this guarantee and
indemnity, it:
i. was given a copy of the Agreement (and all documents giving rise to your
obligation in connection with the Agreement) and had full opportunity to
consider their provisions; and
ii. is responsible for making itself aware of the Client’s financial position and
any other person who guarantees any of the Client’s obligations in
connection with the Agreement.
j) The Guarantor agrees to make payments under this guarantee and indemnity:
i. in full without set-off or counterclaim, and without any withholding or
deduction unless prohibited by law; and
ii. in the currency in which the payment is due, and otherwise in United
States dollars, in immediately available funds.
k) If the Guarantor makes a payment that is subject to any withholding or deduction,
the Guarantor agrees to pay TWMsuch additional amount to
ensure
that the
amount received by TWM equals the full amount TWM would have received
had no withholding or deduction been
l) The rights are given to made. TWMunderthis guarantee and indemnity, and the
Guarantor’s liabilities under it, are not affected by any act or omission of us or any
other person. For example, those rights and liabilities are not affected by any act or
omission:
i. varying orreplacing the Agreement;releasing the Client or giving the Client
a concession (such as more time to pay);
ii. releasing any person who gives a guarantee or indemnity in connection
with any of the Client’s obligations.
iii. by which a person becomes a Guarantor after the date of this guarantee
and indemnity.
iv. by which the obligations of any person who guarantees any of the Client’s
obligations (including obligations under this guarantee and indemnity)
may become unenforceable.
v. by which any person who wasintended to guarantee any of the obligations
does not do so or does not do so effectively.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 29 of 36
vi. by which a person who is co-surety or co-indemnifier is discharged under a
Client Agreement or by operation of law.
vii. a person dealing in any way with the Agreement or this guarantee and
indemnity.
viii. the death, mental or physical disability, or liquidation, administration or
insolvency of any person including the Client or the Guarantor.
ix. changes in the membership, name or business of any person.
x. acquiescence or delay by TWM or any other person.
m) If any obligation is required, or maybe required, to be complied with in connection
with this guarantee and indemnity, the Guarantor may not, without our consent:
i. reduce itsliability under this guarantee and indemnity by claiming that the
Client or any other person has a right of set-off or counterclaim against
TWM ; or
ii. exercise any legal right to claim to be entitled to the benefit of another
guarantee, indemnity, mortgage, charge or other encumbrance given in
connection with the Agreement or any other amount payable under this
guarantee and indemnity; or
iii. claim an amount from the Client, or another guarantor (including a person
who has signed the Application Form as a “Guarantor”) under a right of
indemnity; or
iv. claim an amount in your liquidation, administration or insolvency or of
another guarantor of any of your obligations (including a person who has
signed the Application Form as a “Guarantor”).
7. CORPORATE ACTIONS
a) If a Corporate Action occurs, TWM will reasonably
determine
what adjustment,
if any, should be made to an Order to account for the dilutive or concentrative
effect of any such event to preserve the economic equivalent of such Orders prior to
the relevant event or to reflect the effect of such event on such Orders. Any such
adjustments will be effective as of a date reasonably determined by us.
b) TWM will not make dividend payments if:
i. a Client is the Long Party for a Share CFD which goes ex-dividend,
TWM will credit the Client’s account with a cash
adjustment
to reflect the
impact of the dividend on the Orders. The amount of the adjustment will
depend on the amount of the gross dividend on the relevant number of
Share CFDs on the ex-dividend date.
ii. a Client is the Short Party for a Share CFD which goes ex-dividend,
TWM will debit the declared cash dividend from the Client
’s
account. The
amount of the adjustment will depend on the amount equal to the gross
dividend on the relevant number of Share
CFDs on the-dividend date. TWM
c) If an underlying asset to which an Open Position relatesissubject to a Merger Event,
reserves the right to close any or
all
affected Open
Positions at any time during the Merger Event. TWM
will
not close any Open Position
that is subject to a Merger Event unless it has provided reasonable notice to the Client
of a deadline for the Client to close their Open Position and the position remains
open after this deadline.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 30 of 36
d) TWM reserves the right to adjust the opening price of any Financial Product
that is subject to a Merger Event to reflect any cash portion of the offeror to
amend the size to reflect any corresponding adjustment to the underlying asset
caused by the Merger Event and/or to close the affected Open Positions and reopen
a new position reflecting the new underlying asset that has been created.
e) clause 7(e) which would produce a commercially reasonable result,
TWM may close your Open Position at the Close-Out Value on a
date
reasonably
determined by us.
f) Where the Client isthe Long Party for a Share CFD in relation to a US stock orsecurity,
and the Share CFD goes ex-dividend, TWM is required by
US
tax legislation
to withhold 30% of the cash adjustment to reflect the impact of the declared
dividend. TWM will remit the amount withheld to
its
liquidity provider whowill
account thewithheld amountsto the proper US authorities. Clients can view
amounts withheld for US tax legislation purposes from their account.
8. TRADING SUSPENSION AND DISRUPTION
a) If, at any time:
i. trading in any Underlying Asset on any exchange is suspended or halted;
or
ii. trading is suspended or halted on any exchange which restricts trading
with any relevant index so that TWM is unable
todetermine the price of the Underlying Asset, then TWM will take
the price of the Underlying Asset as being the last traded price before the trading
suspension or halt.
b) If the suspension or halt continue for 5 Business Days, TWM at its discretion
may Close-Out your part or all of your Positions. When this happens, TWM
will decide the Close-Out date and the Close-Out value of your Contract in good
faith (the Close-Out value will be the Underlying Asset price x the number of
Contracts).
c) TWM reserves the right at all times during any marketing limitations,
suspension or disruption to adjust the price of any affected Underlying Asset.
9. AMENDMENT, ASSIGNMENT AND TERMINATION
9.1. AMENDMENT
a) The terms of this Agreement and any transactions under it may be amended by
TWM at any time. TWM will provide Notice to the Client of any such
amendment. The Client agrees to be bound by the terms of such an
amendment on the earlier of:
i. ten (10) Days after TWM has issued a notification to the Client; or
ii. on the date of the Client entering any Order after the amendment.
b) Any other amendments must be agreed to in writing between
TWM and the Client.
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 31 of 36
c) At no time shall either party enter commitments for or in the name of the other
party or use their intellectual property for any purpose whatsoever. Except as
specifically provided for in this Agreement, neither party will:
i. use the other party’s name or intellectual property without the prior
written approval of the other party; or
ii. represent itself as being affiliated with, or authorized to act for, the other
party.
9.2. ASSIGNMENT
a) Any rights or obligations that the Client may have pursuant to this Agreement shall
not be assigned, transferred, sold, or otherwise conveyed, except with the prior
written consent of TWM . TWM may,
however,
transfer any rights or obligations
it may have pursuant to this Agreement to another party without the consent
of the Client including, without limitation, in connection with a sale or transfer of all
or part of TWM‘business
to
another person or entity.
9.3. TERMINATION
a) This Agreement may be terminated immediately by the Client or
TWM by Notice to the other in writing. However, termination by either party
shall not affect any Order or other transaction previously entered and shall not
relieve either party of any outstanding obligations arising out of this Agreement, nor
shall it relieve the Client of any obligations arising out of any Order entered into
prior to such termination.
b) If TWM is made aware of or has reason to believe any of the
following:
i. that the
Client has provided false or misleading information
ii. that the Client has participated or is participating or has assisted or is
assisting in money laundering or terrorist financing;
iii. that the Client is being officially investigated by law enforcement and/or
regulatory agencies;
iv. that abnormal trading conditions exist;
v. that TWM is unable to make prices in the relevant
Order due to the unavailability of relevant market information for reasons beyond
vi. that the Client may be in possession of “inside information”;
vii. a Default Event has occurred;
viii. an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of the Client, then
TWM at its sole discretion, may terminate this Agreement
byimmediately Notice to the Client, and TWM shall be relieved of
obligations any set out in this Agreement or arising out of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including any obligations arising out of
any Order already placed with TWM .
c) Within two (2) days of termination of this Agreement, the Client will return or
destroy all materials received from TWM as per TWM ’
written instructions. Each party’ s duties of payment, delivery, and destruction of
materials shallsurvive termination ofthis Agreement.
TWM Ltd Client Agreement
Page 32 of 36
10. SET-OFF AGAINST MONIES OWED
a) In addition to other rights available to TWM , the Client
authorizes TWM to:
i. appropriate, transfer, credit, apply or pay monies that may be received or
held by TWM the Client’s behalf in payment of any
amounts which may be outstanding by the Client to
TWMor to an agent of TWM in a transaction effected on the
ii. set Client -off against any amounts due to it by the Client, any amounts
by TWM from or on behalf of the Client including but
not limited to monies received as Deposits or Margin Calls.TWM
may determine the application of any amounts which are to be
set-off at its own discretion.
b) Payments by the Client to TWM in accordance with this Agreement must be made
without any set-off, counterclaim or condition and without any deduction or
withholding for any tax or any other reason unless the deduction or withholding is
required by applicable law.
c) Should the Client be required to make any form of deduction in respect of tax from
any payment to be made or if TWM is required to pay any tax in respect of any
payment made in relation to this Agreement at the Client’s request the Client
agrees to keep TWM indemnified against that tax and agrees to pay to TWM any
additional amounts required to ensure TWMreceives the full net amount that is equal to
the amountTWMwould have received had a deduction,withholding or
payment
of tax not been made.
d) Deposits or Margin Calls deposited by the Client will not fall due for repayment
until the Client’s obligations under this Agreement and under or
in respect of any other account between TWM and the Client are satisfied in full. Until
this time, Deposits or Margin Calls will not constitute a debt due from TWM to the
Client nor will the Client have any right to receive payment of these funds

If the
Agreement is terminated, the Client and
TWM
e)
agree that the claims against each other are finally discharged by means of close-out
netting. TWM will determine the Close-Out Values for
each
affected Order in its sole
discretion. The final amount to be paid by one of the parties will be the difference
between the payment obligations of the parties.
11. NEGATIVE BALANCE PROTECTION The trading systems of TWM are designed with safeguards to protect clientsfrom
encountering negative balances when trading under normal market conditions.
All clients are provided with margin monitoring functionality. This functionality monitors the
level of collateral should it drop below 100% of the required margin. If it drops below 100%,
the margin call mode will be triggered and maintained until the level of 50%. Should the margin
level equal to, or drop below 50 %, TWM will initiate the closing
of
current open
positions, starting from the most unprofitable considering trading hours of instruments
traded by the client. Positions will be closed automatically at the current market price. The
clients can set personal limits for risk management purposes. Should a client incur a negative
balance due to a “market gap”, the client should inform the TWM support
TWM will evaluate the inquiry and at its team.
discretion,
may credit the client's account with the
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 33 of 36
amount of the negative balance where the debit was during normal trading activity. This policy
is available to Private Clients1 only.
Clients are expected to always maintain the appropriate levels of margin in the trading account
as the recommended method of risk management.
NOTE: The provisions of this policy shall not apply to:
a) Force Majeure Event understood as an act of God, war, terrorism, malicious damage,
civil commotion, industrial acts, any exceptional market events, or acts and
regulations of any governmental or supranational bodies or authorities which in the
company’s opinion prevent an orderly market in relation to Client’s orders;
b) in abnormal market conditions or exceptional market movements/volatility.
where the company determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the negative
balance is unrelated to the client’s trading activity (for example, where the debit
relates to any fee or charges of the company);
c) where the negative balance is connected to or a result of, either direct or indirect,
breach of any provision by the client of the Client Agreement of the company or from
the breach of the market rules, including but not limited to the laws of the client’s
country of origin, client’s country of residence or any country.
Negative balance accounts – TWMis entitled to combine the balances of any
other accounts you hold with us, including any Joint Accounts to affect any set-off of amounts
owing between you and TWM, pursuant to ourterms and conditions or otherwise, in each case
in order to reduce or remove the relevant negative balance before effecting the negative
balance protection provisionsset outin this clause.
12. LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY
a) The Client shall indemnify and hold TWM harmless from any and all
liabilities, claims, costs, expenses and damages of any nature, including, but
not limited to, reasonable legal fees and any fees and expenses incurred in
connection with litigation, arising out of or relating to the Client’s
negligence or willful misconduct, the violation of any Law by the Client, or the
breach by the Client of any provision of this Agreement or if a Default Event
b) occurs The Client also agrees to promptly pay . TWM for all damages, costs and expenses,
including reasonable legal fees and expenses, incurred by TWM in the
enforcement of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
c) TWM is not responsible for any delays, charges or loss incurred due to errors in
the payment or as a result of a delay in funds reaching the Client’s
nominated account. The Client agrees to indemnify TWM and be liable for any
losses or charges incurred by TWM arising from such error on the Client’s behalf.
d) TWM will not be liable under any circumstances for any direct, indirect or
consequential loss (including any loss of profits) incurred by the Client as a result of
any acts or omissions by a Third-Party.
e) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to limit or exclude any liability
TWM may owe the Client under any statutory rights the Client may
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 34 of 36
i. crystalise, unwind, reverse, void, repair or close any Open Positions by
closing any open Contracts; and/or
ii. nominate the date on which the open Order is valued; and/or
iii. nominate the methodology used to calculate the open Orders’ value;
and/or
iv. take any other action that TWM determines to
be
reasonably necessary
to protect its legitimate interests.
g) The Client's obligations under this clause 13 shall survive the termination of this
Agreement.
13. INFORMATION AND CONFIDENTIALITY
a) The Client acknowledges and agrees that TWM is permitted to carryout an
electronic database search and search credit reference agencies in order to verify
the Client’s identity and credit standing. If such searches are carried out,
TWM may keep records of the contents and results of such searches in
accordance with all applicable Laws.
b) TWMreservesthe rightto collectsuch information asis necessary from the Client
to meet its obligations under the Money Laundering Prevention Act and the
applicable Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Laws.
may pass on information collected from the Client and relating to transactions TWM as
required by applicable Anti-Money Laundering and Counter- Terrorism
Financing Regulations and is under no obligation to inform the Client it has done so.
TWM may undertake all such AntiMoney
Laundering and Counter-Terrorism
Financing checksin relation to the Client ( including restricted lists, blocked persons
and countries lists) as deemed necessary or appropriate by TWM .
c) Personal information collected by TWM is treated as confidential
and
is protected
by the Data Protection Law. TWM will only
collect
personal information which is
necessary to perform the services contemplated by this Agreement.
d) TWM will treat the Client's personal information in accordance
with
its privacy
policy, which the Client may obtain on the Website.
e) TWMwill use reasonable precautionstomaintain the confidentiality of information
TWM receives from the Client and material and/
or
data the Client provides, creates,
inputs or develops in connection with the Client’s use of the TWM
Nonetheless, because such information, materialservices and/or data . may be provided
through the internet, the Client hereby acknowledges and agrees that TWM
cannot assure that such information, material and/or data will continue to be
confidential.
f) The Client accepts the risk of a Third-Party receiving confidential information
concerning the Client and specifically releases and indemnifies
TWM from any claim arising out of a Third-Party intercepting, accessing,
monitoring or receiving any communication from a Client intended to be
provided to TWM or from TWM intended to be
provided to the Client.
g) The Client acknowledges and agrees that
TWM may disclose the Client’s name
other personal and financial and information about the Client, and any relevant
details of an Authorized User, to its employees, representatives , officers,
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 35 of 36
agents, introducing brokers and affiliates, as well as to a governmental entity or selfregulatory authority, an internet service provider or any other Third-Party agent or
service provider for any purpose related to offering, providing, administering or
maintaining theTWMservices, orto complywith applicable Laws.
h) Due to the inherent risks in transferring currency between parties located in
different countries, TWM takes measures to ensure that it is not
participating or assisting in money laundering or terrorist financing. Law
enforcement agencies and regulatory authorities may periodically inspect and
require copies of Client information and business records held by TWM , to
ensure compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering and counterterrorism financing laws.
i) The Client should be fully aware that in appropriate cases all communications and
information concerning the Client held by TWM , may be disclosed to and reviewed
by law enforcement agencies and regulatory authorities. In addition , the Client
agrees to comply with all applicable anti-money laundering and counterterrorism financing laws, including, but not limited to, the requirement to obtain
satisfactory evidence of the identity of any principal whom the Client may
represent in any transaction entered into with TWM .
14. ELECTRONIC VERIFICATION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
a) TWM is required by the anti-money laundering and counter- terrorism financing
regulations to verify a Client’s identity before it can provide the Client with its
services. Electronic verification allows TWMto verify a Client’s identity by using
electronic tools and external data sources.
b) In order to verify a Client’s identity electronically, TWM will request a Client’s
details (such as your name, address, date of birth) and details of their
identification documents.
c) By agreeing to these terms and conditions a Client agrees that
i. TWM may use and disclose personal information for the purposes
of electronic verification as described above.
ii. It is an offence under anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism
financing laws for a Client to provide false and misleading information
about their identity.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
a) Please refer to for further information on how we handle complaints under the
Agreements. You acknowledge that our internal and external dispute resolution
procedures don’t prevent us from commencing proceedings in any other relevant
jurisdiction for the enforcement of any complaint determination.
16. NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS
a) TWM may, to the extent of your authorization, send a communication under the
Agreements to you or your Authorized Person.
b) Unless the Agreements expressly say otherwise, all notices, certificates, consents,
approvals, waivers and other communications in connection with the Agreements.
i. must be sent by email or other means that we specify from time to time.
ii. must be signed or issued by the sender (if an individual) or an Authorized
Officer of the sender; and
Ltd
TWM Client Agreement
Page 36 of 36
iii. will be taken to be received upon sending, unless the sender receives an
automated message informing them that the email has not been delivered.
c) Communications take effect from the time they’re received unless a later time is
specified in them.
17. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the International
Business Companies Act, 1999 and the applicable Laws of Saint Lucia.
18. SEVERANCE
a) A provision of the Agreement that is void, illegal or unenforceable is ineffective only
to the extent of the provision’s illegality or unenforceability, but the remaining
provisions are not affected.
b) Any present or future legislation which operates to vary the Client’s obligations in
connection with this Agreement with the result that TWM’ rights, powers or
remedies are adversely affected (including by way of delay or postponement) is
excluded except to the extent that its exclusion is prohibited or rendered ineffective
by law.
19. FURTHER ACTS
a) This Agreement may consist of several copies each signed by one or more parties to
this Agreement. If so, the signed copies are treated as making up the one document.
b) The Client agrees to do anything TWM reasonably requests (such as obtaining
consents, signing and producing documents and arranging documents to be
completed and signed):
i. to bind the Client and any other person intended to be bound under this
Agreement;
ii. to show whether the Client is complying with this Agreement.